[airship humming]
[Yuna shudders]
Koku...
where were you?
I've been waiting so long.
[gasps]
[wailing]
[gasping]
[Koku] Yuna.
Give her back.
Give Yuna back!
You know what to do.
We just need to avoid hitting
his heart or his head, right?
[gunfire]
[gasps]
[yelling]
[gasping]
[grinding teeth, groaning]
[woman vocalizing]
[Koku gasping]
[Kamui groaning]
[panting]
[Kamui laughs]
[yells]
[Minatsuki] Are they ready?
[Laica] Just give the word.
[rubble falling]
[Kamui groaning]
[growls]
Give Yuna back to me.
[rasps] Give her back!
[gasping]
You're so pathetic.
Haul them up!
[grunting, wails]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[shotgun booms]
[chuckles]
-[Laica] Minatsuki.
-Hmm?
[sizzling]
[both gasp]
Enough! He is not to be killed.
Minatsuki, we have to go.
Your arm needs to be treated
before the damage
is irreversible.
Minatsuki,
are you listening to me?
Minatsuki! Minatsuki!
Canopus.
Koku! You all right?
[sighs]
TO MY SON, KEITH.
13 WILL SENSE THE PART OF ME
THAT IS WITHIN YOU.
HE WILL FIND HIS WAY TO YOU.
PLEASE GUIDE HIM.
[yells]
[children laughing]
Come on! Cut it out!
-[laughter]
-[indistinct chatter]
[computer grinding]
-[laughter]
-[indistinct chatter]
[boy] Whose fault is it
that we lost?
[boy #2] Answer the question.
[boy #1] Wimps like you
don't belong here.
Who threw that?!
Leave Yuna alone. Got it?
[boys laughing]
You see?
When Yuna starts crying,
he comes running.
Yeah, you're right.
[boy #2] Oh, you're such a stud.
[boy #1] Please,
come to my rescue, sir knight!
-[boys laughing]
-[yelling]
[boy #1] Whoa!
[yelling continues]
Kirisame and the other boys
brought you to me.
Be sure to thank them later.
Here.
Those guys are
always making fun of us.
Is that so?
I don't get it.
Everyone else is so strong,
but all I have is my left eye,
which I'm not even
supposed to use.
I don't understand
what I'm doing here.
Koku, believe me when I say
it takes far more
than superior physical abilities
or special powers
to make you strong.
Haven't I told you that
a million times?
Grown-ups always say that,
but they're just words.
Only the strong
can protect people.
Well, I suppose
you're right about that.
Although, there's a chance
you could be wrong.
Don't worry.
You'll understand someday.
But it's important
to start pondering such things.
Thanks, Koku.
Huh?
You helped me earlier.
Don't you remember?
Oh, guess I did. So?
"So?"
-Is that all?
-Yep, that's all.
Oh. Well, you could
have said all that
back at school, you know?
You didn't
have to drag me way out here.
But we'll be teased again
if we're seen together
at school, won't we?
I'm not being teased.
Hey, I know there's something
you've been trying to tell me,
so just say it already.
Why do I have to tell you?
Can't you
figure it out yourself?
Huh?
I don't know why,
but when you're feeling sad,
I feel something, too, and so--
So you do it,
because you want to protect me?
[Koku] Is that weird?
Hmm.
Then I'll protect you, too.
-[gasps]
-Whenever you're feeling sad,
I'll do my best
to put a smile on your face.
-[gasps]
-Huh?
I just had a great idea. Ready?
Everyone living here
has special numbers.
You're four, but you're
not the ordinary four.
Your special four
is only used for you.
It's the one that's used
on clocks to tell time.
And I'm 13.
Look what happens
if you combine them.
Let's use this
as our special signal.
The next time
you're being teased,
draw this somewhere,
and I'll see it.
Do that,
and no matter where I am,
I'll come running over
to help you.
And when I draw the signal,
you can come and help me
with whatever problem I have.
'Kay, but, uh,
are you sure you'll help me?
'Course I will!
Then I promise to come, too.
Huh?
Hold yours out.
[Koku] Promise.
[laughs]
-[explosions]
-[gasps]
Yuna!
Koku?
Kirisame...
instead of going to the shelter,
I want you to take Koku
to this location.
No one else knows about it,
so you'll be safe there.
Now get going.
Koku.
What are you doing?
You need to hurry up
and go with Kirisame.
But I can't find Yuna.
I understand.
I promise to do
everything I can to find her.
You must leave now.
But I-- [gasps]
Kirisame,
no matter what happens,
I need you to protect Koku.
Mm-hmm.
[whimpering]
Koku, where are you? I'm scared.
[rubble crashing]
Yuna!
Huh?
Koku.
You're not Koku.
No, I'm Minatsuki.
Koku is actually
my younger brother.
Please come with me.
It's not safe anymore.
Koku is waiting for us.
Koku's waiting?
Mm-hmm
[boys panting]
Yuna!
Come on. Keep moving!
But Yuna.
-What if--
-If anything happens,
we're supposed to go
to the shelter, right?
I'm sure
they're all waiting for us!
Don't worry.
Yuna will catch up. Come on!
'Kay.
Minatsuki! Izanami!
Thank goodness you're both safe.
Boys, get to the shelter
before the enemy-- [gasps]
[Heath] Market Maker.
So it was you all along.
[Heath] You're...
-[blade scrapes]
-[gasps]
M-Minatsuki.
[Minatsuki] You're the devil.
[groaning]
If you think I'll become his
spare parts, you're mistaken.
I suppose those rumors I've
been hearing about you are true.
[Minatsuki] Where is Koku?
You can't let him deceive you.
Minatsuki, that man is...
This is goodbye, Canopus.
[Kirisame] Almost there!
This it?
It is.
-[automatic gunfire]
-[yelps]
I'll hold them here
as long as I can.
-Get inside, and lock the door!
-But--
Koku! Listen!
You have to remember
that you're our king!
You're not going to die
in a place like this!
Kirisame.
I'll be right behind you!
Don't worry!
But why?!
Why can't you come with me?!
That's enough! Get moving!
Koku, run away!
[yelps]
I'll see you soon.
Wait in there.
[scream echoes]
[automatic gunfire]
Yuna.
I'm sorry.
-[Yuna] Koku?
-[gasps]
Yuna?
Yuna!
-Yuna!
-Koku?
Is that you, Koku?
Canopus?
Thank goodness you're safe.
You've got to get away
from this place.
No way!
I can't just leave everyone.
I have to be strong
and protect the others.
Koku...
you owe it to the other children
to survive.
No matter what,
you have to live on.
What is it?
Everything you need to know
about yourself is right here.
I've also written down
what your next step must be.
Now just get going.
Koku!
You have the ability
to resonate with Yuna.
Find her and protect her
at all cost.
Mm-hmm.
Keith...
that young boy
will eventually seek you out
and find his way to you.
Please, my son,
guide him through his journey.
[sighing]
[grunts]
Koku...
don't be afraid...
[Izanami, thinking]
I promise to keep him safe.
[Heath] Be brave, Koku.
Assimilate them into yourself,
and become
the black-winged king.
As long as you and Yuna
remain alive,
the memories
of the children lost tonight
will carry on through the ages.
-[Kirisame] Wake up.
-You need to get up now.
-Our king.
-[Izanami] The time has come.
[stove hissing]
[gasps]
You took a nasty beating.
Don't push yourself yet. Sleep.
I'll make coffee later.
Eh, well, I shouldn't.
-My pants.
-Hmm.
Yeah, they're right over there,
but the way they're torn up,
I doubt you could wear them.
Check the pocket.
The pocket?
I'm glad you said something
before I threw 'em in the trash.
That day...
I chose to block out
every single one of my memories
except those of Yuna.
My left eye has the ability
to manipulate
a person's memories.
[water boiling]
I was repeatedly told
never to use it on the others,
and so I decided
to rewrite my own memories.
I wanted to run away
from the feelings of guilt.
But the moment
I looked in her eyes,
I remembered everything.
ROYAL POLICE
CHIEF OF POLICE'S OFFICE
You're saying
you still can't find him?
All precincts are
currently working together
to track him down.
I authorized Keith Flick's
return to the force,
because you said you'd
take responsibility for him.
My deepest apologies, sir.
That's enough.
You have 24 hours.
Locate Flick, and bring him in.
If you fail again, the R.I.S.
will be immediately disbanded.
Am I clear?
[door closes]
[Chief] It's entirely possible
that he's deliberately
slowing down
the search for Flick,
but this ultimatum will force
him to genuinely apply himself.
You see, the R.I.S.
means more than anything to him.
Someone else could take over
the manhunt, of course,
but if anyone's going
to locate Flick, it's that man.
I've taken the liberty
of creating access rights
for you to read the files on him
and his team.
Please make free use
of our system.
Most helpful.
♪ Someday I'll be gone... ♪
[Minatsuki] You've told us
we were imitation gods,
created to be sacrificed
to prevent his destruction.
We were told no one
could possibly do us harm
except the black-winged king.
♪ And God
Has never played his role... ♪
[Minatsuki] Why?
Why did this happen?
No, don't!
[screams]
[gasping]
You are the one true prophet
and the only one who was able
to decipher the inscription...
the only person who knows
what transpired in the past
and can see the future.
Aren't you the one
who's supposed to lead us
to the new world?
That's you, isn't it?
What's wrong?
Why aren't you
answering my questions?!
Regulus.
♪ As we follow
Endless questions ♪
♪ Hands up
In the same reflection ♪
♪ Sometimes we try to feel ♪
♪ How things just used to be
In yesterdays ♪
♪ Now or never,
Make it better ♪
♪ No one ever lives forever ♪
♪ Wake me up, and let me go ♪
♪ Someday I'll be gone ♪
♪ To somewhere we all belong ♪
♪ For so long ♪
Subtitle translation By David Fleming